feat: updates harmonizer to v0.30.0 (#832)
apollographql/apollo-cli: docs/source/supergraphs.md

```

> For more on passing values via `stdout`, see [Using `stdout`](./conventions#using-stdout).

#### Gateway compatibility

> `rover supergraph compose` utilizes the composition function published in the [harmonizer]() package under the hood. Harmonizer is still under rapid development, and some breaking changes are to be expected. For now, newer versions of Rover emit supergraph schemas that are incompatible with older versions of [`@apollo/gateway`](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@apollo/gateway).

Reviewer: Guessing at what you intended the link to be here
```suggestion
`rover supergraph compose` utilizes the composition function published in the [harmonizer](https://crates.io/crates/harmonizer) package under the hood. Harmonizer is still under rapid development, and some breaking changes are to be expected. For now, newer versions of Rover emit supergraph schemas that are incompatible with older versions of [`@apollo/gateway`](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@apollo/gateway).
```

Reviewer: I think it's a bit funny / won't age well to say "For now...". It sounds like we might resolve that in the future, which we will not. Maybe:

>Current versions of Rover emit supergraph schemas that are incompatible with older [`@apollo/gateway`](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@apollo/gateway) versions in the range `<0.39.0`.

> `rover supergraph compose` utilizes the composition function published in the [harmonizer](https://crates.io/crates/harmonizer) package under the hood. Harmonizer is still under rapid development, and some breaking changes are to be expected. Newer versions of Rover emit supergraph schemas that are incompatible with older versions of [`@apollo/gateway`](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@apollo/gateway).
> 
> The following table should help you understand the compatible versions of these two pieces of software.
> 

Reviewer 2: I might suggest keeping harmonizer — even as a word – as an implementation detail.  "Harmonizer" was originally just meant to be a _name of a package_ that we could publish to Crates.io that was roughly synonymous with "composition" (and _available_).

I'll let @StephenBarlow make suggestions, too, but perhaps something along the lines of:

```suggestion
The `rover supergraph compose` command produces a supergraph by utilizing the composition functions of the [`@apollo/federation`](https://www.apollographql.com/docs/federation/api/apollo-federation/) package.  As that library is still in pre-1.0 releases (as are Rover and Apollo Gateway), some updates to Rover may result in a supergraph with new functionality and therefore necessitate complimentary updates to Apollo Gateway.

Apollo Gateway will fail to start-up if it's provided with a supergraph that it doesn't support, so it's recommended to test launching Apollo Gateway with the supergraph it will be ultimately be deployed with in a CI pipeline to ensure compatible versions.

We aim to reduce the frequency at which these paired updates are necessary by making supergraph additions backwards-compatible.  We will note changes which require corresponding Apollo Gateway updates  clearly in the Rover _Release Notes_ as well as updating the compatibility table below.
```

Reviewer 2: Ok, I think at the very least I may actually necessitate the grace that @StephenBarlow could bring to what I wrote, but I think the spirit of what I wrote is accurate. 😆

|Rover version|Gateway version|
|---|---|
|<= v0.2|<= v0.38|

> |>= v0.3|>= v0.39|

Reviewer: Is there an existing or hypothetical future rover version 'x' that ought to be accounted for in the range `0.2.0<x<0.3.0`?

Author: v0.2.1 is out today and also would need an older version - maybe i'll just add the `.x` in the table

```

> For more on passing values via `stdout`, see [Using `stdout`](./conventions#using-stdout).

#### Gateway compatibility

> The `rover supergraph compose` command produces a supergraph by utilizing the composition functions of the [`@apollo/federation`](https://www.apollographql.com/docs/federation/api/apollo-federation/) package.  As that library is still in pre-1.0 releases (as are Rover and Apollo Gateway), some updates to Rover may result in a supergraph with new functionality and therefore necessitate complimentary updates to Apollo Gateway.

Reviewer 3: "produces a supergraph schema by using composition functions from the..."

"As that library" -> "Because that library"

"may result" -> "might result"

"in a supergraph" -> "in a supergraph schema with new functionality." <- end sentence

"and therefore necessitate..." -> "In turn, this might require corresponding updates to your gateway."

> Apollo Gateway will fail to start-up if it's provided with a supergraph that it doesn't support, so it's recommended to test launching Apollo Gateway with the supergraph it will be ultimately be deployed with in a CI pipeline to ensure compatible versions.

Reviewer 3: "will fail" -> "fails"

"start-up" -> "start up"

"supergraph" -> "supergraph schema that it doesn't support." <- end sentence

"so it's recommended" -> "To ensure compatibility, we recommend that you test launching your gateway in a CI pipeline with the supergraph schema it will ultimately use in production."

> We aim to reduce the frequency at which these paired updates are necessary by making supergraph additions backwards-compatible.  We will note changes which require corresponding Apollo Gateway updates  clearly in the Rover _Release Notes_ as well as updating the compatibility table below.

Reviewer 3: "backwards-compatible" -> "backward compatible" (there's no definite right format for this term, but this is the one we standardize on)

Reviewer 3: "which require" -> "that require"

"as well as updating" -> ", and we'll also update the following compatibility table:"
